Git has been around for a while,
so you might wonder whether this training covers the
version of Git that you're using, and it probably does.
I'm recording this in 2021,
but almost everything we'll say here works the same on
even much older versions of Git, with a couple minor exceptions maybe.
The most noticeable exception by far is,
in this training we'll use the git switch command to move to another
branch. And that command is relatively recent.
A few years ago you used git checkout instead of
switch to move to another branch.
So if you see that switch doesn't work on your version of Git,
use checkout, and you're golden.
For the purpose of this training, they work the same way.
Anyway, I'll remind you of this when we get there,
so you don't need to take a note about this.
And if a new version of Git ever changes anything that we say in this training,
then I'll update the training as soon as I can.
That doesn't happen often,
because we'll cover fundamental features of Git that change regularly.
Last time it took over 5 years before I had to tweak
the information in this training.
But if you do notice anything obsolete, please let me know. Post a comment on the discussion board, and I'll be on it.